feat(eslint-plugin-jest): add `prefer-hooks-in-order` rule (#1110)
web-infra-dev/rslint: internal/plugins/jest/rules/prefer_hooks_in_order/prefer_hooks_in_order.md

      seedMyDatabase(specificValue);
    });

    it('accepts that input', () => {
      // ...
    });

    it('throws an error', () => {
      // ...
    });

    afterEach(() => {
      clearLogger();
    });
    beforeEach(() => {
      mockLogger();
    });

    it('logs a message', () => {
      // ...
    });
  });

  afterAll(() => {
    removeMyDatabase();
  });
});
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```javascript
describe('foo', () => {
  beforeAll(() => {
    createMyDatabase();
  });

  beforeEach(() => {
    seedMyDatabase();
  });

  it('accepts this input', () => {
    // ...
  });

  it('returns that value', () => {
    // ...
  });

  describe('when the database has specific values', () => {
    const specificValue = '...';

    beforeEach(() => {
      seedMyDatabase(specificValue);
    });

    it('accepts that input', () => {
      // ...
    });

    it('throws an error', () => {
      // ...
    });

    beforeEach(() => {
      mockLogger();
    });

    afterEach(() => {
      clearLogger();
    });

    it('logs a message', () => {
      // ...
    });
  });

  afterAll(() => {
    removeMyDatabase();
  });
});
```

## Also See

> - [`prefer-hooks-on-top`](prefer_hooks_on_top.md) — require hooks before test cases in the same scope

Reviewer: Broken link in both render targets:
- **GitHub** → resolves to `prefer_hooks_in_order/prefer_hooks_on_top.md` (missing)
- **Website** → rule docs render flat under `/rules/jest/`, so this relative `.md` path 404s

`prefer-hooks-on-top` is ported now — link to its own page. On the site, rule docs live at `/rules/jest/<name>`:

```suggestion
- [`prefer-hooks-on-top`](/rules/jest/prefer-hooks-on-top) — require hooks before test cases in the same scope
```

Author: Updated.
